1	Abstraction is generalizing concepts. Engineers can use this for calculating abstract things. This helps for engineers to solving abstract problems. abstraction is useful for think easily
2	"İnvested Zero. and then invested number. First of all binary system. then we calculate some science and math problems with this invested.
"
3	there is a famous line :  today's abstract math is tomorrow' s applied. Which means that  we developed math .and better way to express things  with abstract math.
4	Abstraction is one of the greatest tool of the engineer. By abstracting a problem we can solve little pieces of a bigger problem and connect all of the at the end.
5	"Before abstract Math is today's proven science". Some ideas can be abstract now, however it might be proven by other scientists in the future. So it is important to get a development.
6	with abstraction we can understand things that difficualt to understandd approximation law  by infinity instant change abstract predict interest approximation senate tragedy deomocracy
7	
8	"Zero is representive abstraction.
Thus, calculating and engineering are better "
9	"Nothingness or having nothing. It gives rise the ability for a common person to be able 
to do mathematics isn’t. Before it, mathematicians struggled to perform the simplest 
arithmetic calculations
zero helps generalize nothingness"
10	it helps us to make calculations, calculating more easily. it helps us to generalize things. for instance before the invention of 0, they just use nothing. invention of zero helps generalizing and representing nothingness. we observe nature and convert it to theoric information.
11	"Today's abstract math is tomorrow's applied math.
Everything is more easier with abstract math. "
12	with abstraction you can  understand examples and problem time in engineering process. thorugh abstraction when you solved problem so you will be able  translate problem which solved from one branch of engineering into anothers.  so you will gain time and money because you won't spend money and time to solve them again
13	"Abstraction is important because algorithm .Engineers  can see something but they don't understand something.
what can they understand send to some object. they can easily use to understand and predict."
14	
15	"because abstraction helps us to think that we will do before doing it.
it shows us what we do actually but not completed.
it decreases the cost of product."
16	"How does abstraction helps us do engineering better?
Old people knows to ""How can we add something from past"" and they are really good searcher. because of that their engineering was good. Egypt, Greeks, Rome"
17	to solve any problem in life first you gotta abstract it to the formal math language. and also abstraction helps us to put things in groups naturel numbers,full numbers those all are kind a abstraction. even one of  the most significiant invention of math the zero is the most important abstracton example in math. it helped us to create 10 based system with that way we could define really big quantities and got many much benefits.
18	abstraction help us when we need calculate maths physics problem .without absraction we cannot do this thing .for example if we calculate diameter a radius or something liike that  we need abstaction.and this tihng help us ,engineer,to creatvive things for example coding and thinking about coding deep thinking alll of this thing s abstarction
19	
20	For example, zero. Zero actually meanings nothing, it is abstract maths. But with zero you can do many calculations for engineering easily. On the other and we used abstraction to solve some physical problems. We abstract the physical problem and solve them with using some mathematical methods. It is quite important for engineering. We can solve some problems better with abstraction, it is really important for the engineering.
21	"solving problems easily with abstraction. Engineering handle the problems if problems selected one by one.

What steps are taken to calculate the distance between the Earth and Moon in Ancient Greece 
How Romans handle Conflict of Interest in Goverment
What is the role of the theater in the Ancient Greece and Rome 
How does abstraction helps us do engineering better
What was proposed by the Greeks to account for the retrograde movement of planets orbiting Earth"
22	Abstraction is generalising complex things. Abstract maths helps us to understand enginnering better. For example 0 and 1(binary digits) makes easy to understand computer. And people develope new computer language using abstraction. And we can understand computer more easy.
23	Things in real world can be represented by abstraction. I mean color of shoe has no meaning for computer unless we teach it via usage of abstraction technique. For example, invention of zero is also type of abstraction (that is comes from Indıan religion "Nirvana"). Anything you see in the real world can be represented on computer via using Abstraction. We can represent their functions and ability. Being representetif of something allows us to get everything from real world via abstraction. For example let's assume you have a car. İn computer science you can represent it with usage of classes, also you can create example of that class. Class can have field and fuctions of it represent thing.
24	its help to imagine.
25	Abstraction is helping us for be good engineer.Thanks to abstraction we can use thinking more analytical.And again thanks to abstraction we can use zero in our current counting system.Because abstraction is helping us to think about nothingness and existence.
26	"How does abstraction helps us do engineering better
It makes simple do that It help us the solutions for questions
abstraction is a thinking freely "
27	with using abstraction we can shorten the average time we're going to spend on a work. its simply more efficient
28	"
How does abstraction helps us do engineering better?

Roma's civilization engineering for military.
Greeks used to math,observe and explain for science.
Cause and effect(Aristotle)
Use the math prove
Observe nature and explain.
Science can find all.
Aristotles deductives(Tümdengelim).



"
29	"How does abstraction helps us do engineering better.
improve  establish invented observation approximation approximate  politic economy infrastructure law people conflict of interest play rule predict abstract conclusion astronomy Galileo newton humanity democrat destruction  public administration concrete Julian calendar Gregorian calendar punishment surgery math tragedy theater formal logical discuss war perform science monarchy powers of kings nature philosophy approach  physics arbitrarily classification audience rights of law establish invented try What was proposed by the Greeks to account for the retrograde movement of planets orbiting Earth ? What is the role of the theater in the Ancient Greece and Rome ? What steps are taken to calculate the distance between the Earth and Moon in Ancient Greece ? How Romans handle Conflict of Interest in Government ? view"
30	If there is a problem and we have to solve it , we should abstract it in our mind. So this helps us to solve this problem easily . An engineer is always going to face many of problems and wants to solve them . Because it is his job . To make easy the solutions , abstraction is very helpful selection . For instance an civil engineer might face to a problem when construct an build . If he/she use abstraction - he think the problem in his/her mind as abstract - the problem will be easier to solve .
31	For example in real world the thinks aren't perfectly shaped. But in geometry we can assume that there are perfect shapes and can do calculations on them.
32	Abstraction is important because people use that to improve science.İf people improved the science engineering would be better.
33	Abstraction helps us do engineering better ,zero, limit, infinity. We know something there but we do not know how much. Approximation science inconsistency arbitrary.Inconsistency between them.Induction of ideas.Rome Ancient Greece.Function. 
34	"abstraction helps us think better of problem and find best solution way . engineering better 

"
35	It provides us thinking more efficient and then we do engineering better.
36	Abstraction helps us do engineering better.Because abstraction is important  at the theater.Example Romans theater and Greeks theater is different.Greek's theater platform is circle.All of them helps us do engineering better.
37	"the formal lanaguge to  computers is binaray which is passing on zeros and ones and
zero is an abstraction "
38	
39	"We can calculate easier with abstraction.Today some things easier to understand with abstraction.
We can easily imagine the some things.Abstraction make easier the engineering.
"
40	in early ages there were very little amounts of knowledge and engineering systems so abstraction helped them with creativity, solving problems, creating something. All of them could be exist with thinking abstract.
41	"Zero is the most abstraction. Zero had been invented for esaier calculations and abstract mathematic.
for example, when ı use computer most users unaware the inner workings in the computer. 
I can learn this because of abstraction. "
42	
43	Abstraction helps to avoid time wasting and prevents problems before they happens because we imagine before we take action and see those problems so we prevent those problems.
44	Abstraction is a thinking way. It help us to find solutions to specifically or hard physicial problems. You can abstract a problem basically in your mind and you can solve this problem on your mind. After that you can solve this problem on real life because you find a way with thinking and you know what to do.
45	In some problems we may not have as many as matter to solve the problem.So abstraction helps us to solve our problem without even having the material.With this way now engineering came so far.
46	"'Today's abstraction math is tomorrow's applied math.'
We can use 0 and calculate the equation by abstraction and then we can use this thing in applied math and engineering like Pyramids."
47	"Some calculating needs more effort than ordinary human can. So in this reason especially in math people had to assume some steps that they can't do in order to complete the thing that they started. For example, calculating PI.
Also reality has some limit that you can't surpass ,but abstraction can make you feel free when you think about something.  
"
48	Abstraction helps us solve a real world, physical problem by making it an abstract one, one that is solvable intellectually, without any physical work. 
49	They could imagine better and cleverly.
50	The inventions are constructed in the mind of their inventor and we say abstraction it. Therefore, if we make a lot of abstraction about the invention or machine , we can have the best engineering devices so engineering developing thanks  to abstraction.
51	we descripe to hard thing and it will be easy for us
52	We can say abstraction is symbol of nothingness.Sometimes we can not  explain  everything with mathematical symbols so abstraction help us about this.Abstraction is also generelazition and it is important to engineering.
53	Abstraction provides us more exact conclusions on our calculations and studies in the branchs of science. It helps us deeply and more effective work while we working on problems .
54	It helps us solve our problems in our head without actually doing some difficult experiments. And It also helps us understand some theories that are not suitable for modelizing in real world such as binary system or transistors that says 1 is on and 0 is off which is related to electric currency.
55	we do not take the data we do not need throw them away  so we can focus on data we need clearly
56	Today we abstract our ideas and tomorrow we can execute our ideas for real in engineering because if we want the make something happens we need to think what to do. We need to imagine and after that we can do things that we imagined. 
57	for example we had started thinking better so we did smart works.
58	With an Abstraction,it possible to explain experiments or research that couldn't observe the results the in physical life.It makes our job easier.With using this method,  used to understand and predict bring more rational answer to us.progressive and cumulative science improved with that way. 
59	Existing in thought or an idea but not have a physical form.We could calculate the area of house by thinking abstract.For example thinking the area of house as a square.
60	There is a saying: "Today's abstract math is tomorrow's applied math." As we understand from this quote, abstraction is the step right before the real application. In order to invent new devices, technologies etc. we should take the abstract and apply it by using sciences such as physics and math. Calculus is also related. Isaac Newton did studies on abstract math and couldn't apply all of them into reality, but today, many works of engineering is based on Newton's studies.
61	with abstraction humanity can built building more easy and stronger
62	We found  zero with abstraction  and we can describe it  with use abstraction . Then we solved a lot of problem with use zero.  Also we can find  answer to difficult questions. . We can solve them easly.
63	Abstraction is very important for us because we need to understand how to solve a problem. Especially maths and physics can do it so if we learn them we can be better engineer better. 
64	It help us make problem to things that we can solve. For instance, calculating the size of pyramids. We abstract the problem into the our mind so that we can figure it out how we can do.
65	It helps us think more creatively, thus we can make complicated problems to simply ones. Then we solve the problems easily or we understend nature.  
66	we are using this predict and abstract some ideas for prove.for example we want to make new invent or work.firstly we abstract that matter and then we aplly.
67	Abstraction is an obligation because we know a lot of theorems, rules and calculations but all of them are general. But when we have a real problem, we should transform the base problem into a case (rule, theorem or equation) and we always use abstraction to do this abstraction is transforming the problem unsolvable to solvable. So, if we focus on this basics abstraction can helps us better.
68	Abstraction turns a problem to mathematically form, and we can use calculus.
69	We imagine and generalize problems in our mind then we solve it in our minds.Then we understand the problem and solution,after that we will be able to find a strict solution or proven function.
70	"There is a saying ""today's abstract mathematic is future's applied mathematic""
so every abstract idea can be applied and useful,abstraction is necessary for engineering"
71	Things in real world can be respresented by abstraction. The thing what I am trying to say is color of a car  has no meaning for computer unless we teach it with right abstraction technique.
72	For example in Abstraction means removal of details. Essentially, you remove unnecessary details to get a clear view. Typically, you want to be able to analyze/demonstrate/prove/communicate/verify/validate a set of properties based on informed design decisions. Seeing the design in the code is like trying to perceive the forest while walking among the trees. You see cues, but not the forest. Different purposes need different abstractions.
73	Abstraction helps to us about thinking. When we use it, we can do anything as mathematically what we cannot feel in realistic world. So, we can think about infinity and use it. We can also use zero in problem solving or calculating.
74	It helps us to do the distinct disicplines better . For instance people used it to laid of foundations mathematics and engineering .Also Before Civilizations of Ancient Greek used abstraction and abstract mathematics to give a meaning of numbers and explain the science a bit rationally.Abstraction is a kind of bridge for the applied maths and engineering and there is a saying ''Today's abstract math Tomorrow's applied math'' It  show us The science is cumulative and progressive.
75	"We can not doing every thing with applied science but if we use abstraction we can imagine it easily.
for example zero we can not feeling or touching but we can imagine with abstraction and we use in applied engineering. qualitative to quantitative"
76	we use math for abstraction nature  so  we always look at the nature for make a new product.. 
77	Abstraction helps us to do engineering better. Objects are real and creating shapes from objects helps engineering to think better. Shaping   , thinking , creating multiple universes , more dimensions 
78	
79	İf we didnt use abstraction, many things can not understandable for calculations. For example when greeks found PI ,abstraction helped to find this number.It also helped for creating mathematical philosophy like quantum mathematics or etc. . 
80	it helps us think more creatively that we can make problems compeltely in easier way. When we do abstraction the problem can be more clearly and we can find a solution to solve it fast. 
81	"Todays abstract math is tomorrows applied math. For less effort we used abstraction.
We can guess something: for example distance between Earth and Moon. Approximation helped us. Instant of change and Calculus."
82	Abstraction helps engineer to think more openly and it make us generalize the things that we thought. There are things in World that can be represantive by abstraction. It make easier to think and solve the problems, sought to those problems. If we don't teach the computer what it should know we can't make it work. For example we should teach computer that what color or shine is.
83	abstraction  helps us in many ways in science. Not only engineering . Also  we use abstraction in math and mathematical expressions. We calculate very big numbers distances. Science is abstract description mathematics using nature
84	"Abstraction help us about thinking and solving problems. In the other hand abstraction helps us convert abstraction math to applied math.
So abstraction makes us strong against problems.  
It contributed creating new technologies and fields."
85	"It helps to imagine problems as models and helps to find logical solutions for real life problems.
And also it helps to think theoretically and obtain new formulas and relations."
86	 Abstraction provide us more exact conclusuions like Abstraction help us to eliminate wrong results and trying to reach perfect result.
87	Observing nature and finding some problems are fundamental steps of the science. Every day we solve a lot of problems. Engineers also must solve this problems. Abstraction helps us do engineering better because in daily life we observe the nature, find the problem and abstract the things. When we find problem we should think about how can we solve it. That moment we need to abstract it. Predict what kind of problem is and our approach should be correct. Today we abstract some problems , tomorrow problems will be applied. 
88	
89	We can't explain our theories or plans without abstraction.For example we all know the fact that if you throw a ball to air it falls.But we can't explain the mathematical truth of this event.To explain it we use abstraction.In engineering it's similar because if you want to invent something first you have to plan and calculate things for those you must use numbers at least and as we know the numbers are abstraction we use it everywhere in engineering.Also the future engineers can look back and inspire from them so they will be able to invent better things.
90	abstraction helps us about fictioning the function in our mind and it is important to engineering  because today s abstract thinking tomorrow s reality.
91	"it make us abstract  issue  of real life in your head by math.


"
92	Abstraction help us to predict of the problem. Observe the nature and find the with abstraction of the problem. And solution of abstraction we trying to fins rational answer for problem. Also abstraction made of Mathematics.
93	Abstraction is a method which we can think no existing object or content. Because of this, We can planing building a structer without actually build thanks to abstraction.
94	Abstraction is an indispensable tool in the engineering process. Engineers can improve their ability to relate physically distinct concepts.Abstracting concrete events.
95	Abstraction remove the connections to real world and make them generic  so that we can think processes and make operations simply. Important theorems and rules generally based on abstract math. Today's abstract mats is tomorrows applied math. So we are using rules, informations and theorms which discovered by abstraction years ago, and it helps us for better engineering.  
96	
97	becuse we learned how to brtter wtih limtes and this make us think about it 
98	
99	they practice agriculture and they calculating abstract things
100	helps us to think more efficiently and more creatively. and helps us to solve the problems by different ways and testing methods to solve problems 
101	Zero is the most important abstraction. Defining something that does not exist, always was one of the biggest question marks in people's mind, even back in Ancient Greece. However now we know that in binary, in computers' life language, zero is one of the most important aspect. Things exist and they don't, binary and in it's essence zero let's us define those that do not exist. Whenever we code something that has no value, something that has no name 0 is one of the most used defining methods in engineering. Zero volt energy, means we don't have any electric. If we have zero amount of a material, that building can't use that material. In essence engineering is having one thing and not having the other one. Zero is the name we give to those we do not have.
102	"Abstraction helps to us like thinking about the zero""0""Because zero is nothing but we can think about zero.
It is not just that .We should think about Math.Math is meanless if we can not think about it.Like in integer and limit you should think infinity and approaching to infinity.There is a lot examples..
Today's abstraction is tommorow's applied Math.

"
103	If there is a problem, we can take it into an abstractio form and solve it with using mathematics, formulas. It helps us to think about a solution.
104	It is really important because we need to start from thinking. And abstraction help us to see what is our plan and what are we going to do. It give us a logic and ideas. There is a saying which is "Todays abstract math is tomorrows applied math. " For example if we are planning to make mobile app first we need to make abstraction which is define what we are going to use for technology. Or it is also same with classes in programming to we are doing abstraction for example we have users so we need to define usernames and surnames and it is the abstraction. It is like blueprinting
105	Abstraction is turning real life problems into the ones that we can solve on our minds. That includes turning them into a mathematical ones as well. So abstraction helps us do engineering better because we can actually do calculations if we abstract real life problems into the ones that we can solve.
106	We can apply maths in something we can face in daily life. We can abstract a problem in to smaller pieces and its easier the solve.and we can apply maths to this problem.
107	it is modelling the structures and that helps to engineer. engineer  solves problems and thinks better with abstraction.
108	"abstraction is making together things to get them understand easily.
it's like you have something smaller and you put a few of them together and you get a bigger thing.
and you use the bigger thing for your next project instead of using small thing again and again.
for example you have a function in a program you just call it when you need it you're not typing the commands that inside the that function again and again.
so in that way engineering , math , physic became more understandable and easy to use.
and they put real life problems into math . that is abstraction"
109	Todays abstract math tomorrows applied math.In the early parts of project if engineer thinks abstractly next moves can be easy  and engineer can make next stepes more easy . Abstract thinking is predicting.
110	We can think things better with abstraction for example on mathematics if we use abstraction we can applie it in programs,robots and etc.
111	It helps us to think and be creative.And helps us find solutions to the problems we cant solve by simply testing such as infinite problems 
112	We can easily understand the problems with abstraction because its help us to imagine the problem in our mind.İt helps us a lot because engineer must solve problems quickly and the best way he/she can.
113	I wish to start a sentence; Todays abstract math tomorrows practic math. It means that we need to first bring an idea with abstraction wheter or not possible. For example Jules Verne when he first wrote to "Ay'a Yolculuk" he seen to other people as crazy or abstract but his dream comes true after decades. The point I'm trying to make here is that as engineer we mostly cant do things that doesnt thinked and in the process of thinking these things abstraction is crutial  
114	Abstraction means  solving the real life problems with using our minds. Abstraction help us the generilaze our problems and make a solution from our knowledge. With using abstraction we can make our disicinous more easier.
115	abstraction makes us generilze and think out of the box. we can makes theories without any information and prove the hypotesis.
116	Abstraction helps us solve real life problems with mathematics and calculus. We abstract the information on mechanics and apply the information to real life problems. It helps us approximate the solution better. Archimedes used this on approximating pi.
117	ıf you had a problem you should understand that in that helps you to convert it to mathematic mathematical language otherwise you cant abstarct things procrastination by infinitly instant changes cumulative informations helps ıf you had three things square triangle and circle ıf you dont abstract them you cant solve and explain infinity problems 
118	...
119	We can abstract mathemathical things from their physical bindings and make them more general so that we can use it for more problems.
120	Since abstraction is a process of conceptualizing things, it simplifies things and gives us a different perspective to provide a clearer approach.It turns a big problem into a smaller problem.
121	When we have a problem we can abstract it so that it can become simplified which makes us understand the problems better and come up with solutions easier
122	If we know the how inside of the job works we can do better at outside of the job too.When we abstrac a machine or a job we can learn about how is it doing that thing inside of the machine.
123	It helps us to see the problem's solutions in different ways.It also helps us to create new ideas and solutions.And sometimes when calculating is limited it helps us to think in different parallels.So since engineering is a job that needs creativity and maybe a bit overthinking,an engineer should learn and know how to abstract something in their mind.
124	Of course it increased the limits of our brains and our imagination. But the real reason why abstraction helped us is not using any tools when we are doing abstraction. You can approximately calculate the rocks in the Konyaaltı just in your mind. In this situation thinking about something that needs math or physics is getting easier to get the results. That takes engineering abilities in our mind to different level. By that we never wait for a calculator to do something about engineering. And also it make us think hard things as a quick easy problems.
125	It helps us thinking theoretically . It generalizes the idea/problem.
126	Abstraction provide easier way to do engineering. We can imagine and then write it by codes so that important work emerge. For instance, let us think a shop. This shop needs a programme because they cannot follow the their stocks. An computer engineer for solving this problem imagine and can improve an application. 
127	to solve a nature problem with math firstly we can understand it and. we can understand it in real but we can apply this to math because in math there are  many answers. so we firstly abtraction a problem and then we can applied to math this problem.
128	Abstraction helps us engineers with preparing algorithms to our problems. It helps us think about the problem first and how to solve it.
129	Abstraction is taking the problems in nature and trying to solve them with symbols. Mathematic is a perfect way to abstract a problem. In engineering we have to come up with functions to solve problems. These functions are mathematical problems. Therefore we always abstract our problems to solve them.
130	by making people think efficiently. for example there is a saying "todays abstraction math is tomorrows applied math" which means the mathematical terms we are thinking about but cant really comprehend today for example some kind of paradoxes or some theorems that are not proven yet will possibly be taught at high schools in the future. So its a cumulative thing. The abstraction we do today is going to help the engineers in the future.
131	Engineers need to prove their it is helping us while we are proving something.
132	It helps us to find solutions to specifically physical problems. Abstracting is making problems easier to solve while using logic, physics, instantaneous values and mathematics and especially calculus. We can use abstraction, then differentiation and integral so that measurement and engineering is easier. 
133	Abstraction in mathematics helped in a good way to engineering better. Also the way we think and the way see today is more beyond the space and time. It helped us to make sense things we cant actually see in reality.
134	Abstraction helps us to understand better axioms. Today's abstract math is tomorrow's applied math. We understand better with formulas. We need to start thinking and to do that we need to understand what we are supposed to think. 
135	When trying to solve a problem through engineering one can't always have a solid, physical sight to think or calculate something beforehand, Maths is the language of engineering and physics and helps us to think and visualize in an abstract way that could prevent giant mistakes and accidents. 
136	"Todays abstract math is tomorrows engineering math.
Abstraction helps us to use unkown things."
137	That makes easier to predict the next step and think about a problem and its solution.
138	We can abstract some physical things to Mathematical or other Scientific models with abstraction. So, it can help us to understand and make better industrial or daily things. We can do  engineering better thanks to abstraction.
139	Helps engineers foresee the problems and makes it possible to take precautions in order to solve the problem before it happens.
140	When we abstract something before we work on it, it is more easy to get over this problem and cheaper and time-saver because we first use imagination so the problem can be more solvable and our approach to problem become more fast.
141	They can think correctly of calculations .  Abstraction provided the abstract math become the applied math which we use todayin modern system. Also there is a saying ''Today's abstract math is tomorrow' applied math.'' Also algebra is big effect in the engineering . Al kwharizmi is the father of algebra.
142	We can imagine the problem in our head by abstraction. For example we can take an easy real-life problem and transfer it to in our head. By that way problem will get easier. This will make think and discuss better. We can do abstract solving.
